<hr>

<strong>How To Survive In "Modern" Society...</strong>

The general rule for humans seems to be this: if someone says something which you disagree with, find irrelevant, or feel offended by, the best response is no response.

<hr>

<strong>An Experimental Way to "Pay" for "Rent"...</strong>

Even though I have a place of legal residence in Castro Valley (California), I prefer to spend as much time as possible (preferably all of it) outside of Castro Valley. Fortunately, I have been able to successfully hang out at California State University East Bay (Hayward, California) so long as I do not stay in one spot for too long or stay on campus at one time for too long. It is currently the most ideal place for me to do research and development work (and I am a student whose Net ID is still active with that institution, so I have little reason to fear that I will be evicted since I basically am an active member of that institution (and I think that the work I do is a benefit to society at large and relevant to the institution's aims)).

<strong>School from Merit (Adaptive Routine)</strong>

As long as I am being productive and not just procrastinating or being a detriment to other people's wellbeing on campus, I seem to have no trouble "earning my keep" there. Then again, I still try to stay in areas where human traffic is low and where I am comfortable.

<strong>Motel from Windfall Money (Occasional Venue)</strong>

As I write this journal entry, I am stationed in a lovely Motel 6 right next to the Dublin/Pleasanton BART station. I used approximately $80 from my ~$200 California tax return to pay for one night's worth of rent in the room I am currently stationed. The room includes a bathroom, sink, desk, plenty of wall outlets, and a big bed. This is the best way I know of to get some of the most difficult writing done since I have maximum privacy, a refreshing change of scenery, plenty of space to relax and to sprawl out without feeling like I am overstaying my welcome somewhere, and I feel empowered knowing that I payed for this space for my exclusive use.

<hr>

Service Jobs (Skilled) verses Workfare Jobs (Unskilled)

Workfare is a rather colloquial term which is derived from the term welfare (and welfare is a colloquial term which refers to government-issued financial aid to citizens who are classified as being too impoverished to pay for basic household necessities through the income they earn supposedly by working some minimally-skilled wage job or by receiving gift money from friends, relatives, and donors). Basically, workfare is a term I define as some kind of low-skilled, entry-level wage job which typically pays people to remain poor (but not not so poor that they are legitimately homeless and starving) by doing tasks which are time-consuming and monotonous in order to (a) keep such workers out of trouble and (b) to allow employers to stealth data mine such employees in order to sell that data for a profit (which makes up for the fact that the employees cost the employer more to employ than to outsource such jobs to comparatively efficient robots).

Why would any human settle for workfare as anything more than a transitional job while attending vocational school or university to gain the requisite skills for higher paying jobs which are actually existentially fulfilling to perform? My assumption is that people who remain stagnant at workfare situations are usually accustomed to relying on membership to some kind of non-professional relationship with someone who pays them to remain stagnant. In other words, people who remain poor seem to do so because they have been brainwashed into favoring tribalism over individual achievement (especially by getting married or producing offspring which keep such people tethered to their "misery loves company" tribe of slackers who promote menial, environmentally destructive, and obsolete labor over genuine personal evolution and spiritual fulfillment).

The reason why most cars on the road are gasoline powered rather than electric is the same reason why most people settle for "misery loves company" socioeconomic institutions as their primary means of survival and cultural appropriation: most people are afraid that they will be penalized and left destitute and abused (by other people) without the protection of some conformist tribe to hide inside of. Few people are as "crazy" as I am. Otherwise, there would be a much higher demand for the kind of ecologically sustainable and egalitarian utopia I am trying to promote (and help to design and build).

<hr>

Acknowledgement of my Most Powerful Allies 

Is there anyone helping me make measurable progress towards my stated goals? Yes. Most noticably to me are the cyber cops who work 24 hours per day "behind the scenes" (i.e. where I cannot see them but they can see me) to coerce my neurons to fire "the right way" (i.e. in a way that would otherwise be way too efficient and clever to be possible without such technological intervention). For more information on such a support system, see the CONSCIOUSNESS_MULTIPLEXING page.

Some readers may assume that I have Stockholm Syndrome (i.e. a delusional amount of unquestioning loyalty to some abusive authority figure (particularly one who took me as its hostage and tortured and brainwashed me into compliance)) towards the cyber cops. I disagree on the basis that I still seem to have as much agency as I did before I became aware of the cyber cops' totalitarian intervention in my life (and I am able and willing to admit that they are no more competent at micromanaging my body and mind than I am). I welcome constructive feedback but I dread the way incompetent and ignorant (embodied) humans so frequently insist on trying to tell me how to be myself (which suggests that such humans are threatened by my autonomy and refusal to stay as downtrodden as they seem to think is "normal" and therefore "good"). Tolerating the unproductive influence of other people is the most difficult aspect of my life. I would tell such people that the challenges of trying to legitimately understand quantum mechanics is strife enough and that humans need not manufacture more strife than what "naturally" exists.

Some people may (or probably) assume that I use two names (i.e. "Karlina Ray Beringer" and "karbytes") and identify as not exactly cisgender (but not exactly transgender either) because I either pretend that one of those names represents the cyber cop or else I am too lacking in self awareness to know the difference between my own ego and that of the cyber cop and that I use two names as a cry for help as in "I do not know who I am, so I use multiple names and act schizophrenic". The truth is I know the difference between my ego and the incoming telecommunications from the cyber cops who are external to my body. I use two names because "Karlina Ray Beringer" is the label society assigned my body while "karbytes" is the name I invented for my ego (which is hosted by my body but aspiring to outlive my body). 

<hr>

The components of the KARBYTES_UTOPIAN_ECONOMY_MODEL shall be defined in more detail (and modeled using a JavaScript application) in the next page.

Sustenance_Token_Value

Number_Of_Sustenance_Tokens_Instantiated

Supplementary_Token_Value

Number_Of_Supplementary_Tokens_Instantiated

Predicted_Population_Size_Change_Formula

Technocratic_And_Personalized_Monetary_Distribution_Formula

